docs: Document worker server (#2540)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/scaling/queue-mode.md

You can set up multiple worker processes. Make sure that all the worker processes have access to Redis and the n8n database.

#### Worker server

Each worker process runs a server that exposes optional endpoints:

> - `/healthz` (worker is up, if `QUEUE_HEALTH_CHECK_ACTIVE` is enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/healthz`: returns whether the worker is up, if you enable the `QUEUE_HEALTH_CHECK_ACTIVE` environment variable
```

> - `/healthz/readiness` (worker's DB and Redis connections are ready, if `QUEUE_HEALTH_CHECK_ACTIVE` is enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/healthz/readiness`: returns whether worker's DB and Redis connections are ready, if you enable the `QUEUE_HEALTH_CHECK_ACTIVE` environment variable
```
